Feature/external rules (#94)
bhirsz/robotframework-robocop: docs/external_rules.rst

.. _external-rules:

Including external rules
========================

You can include your own custom rules with `-rules` or `--external_rules` arguments. It accepts comma separated list of
paths to files or directories. Example::

    robocop -rules my/own/rule.py -rules rules.py,external_rules.py

Every custom checker (with definied rules) need to complete following requirements:

1. It needs to inherit from official checker classes (VisitorChecker or RawFileChecker) and implements required methods.
Refer to :ref:`checkers` for more details.

2. File with checker should define `register` method where linter is called with instance of your checker::

    def register(linter):
      linter.register_checker(YourChecker(linter))
      linter.register_checker(YourChecker2(linter))
3. It shouldn't reuse messages ids or names from official rules.

> This is example of file with custom checker that assert that no test have "Dummy" in the name::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of a file with custom checker that asserts that no test have "Dummy" in the name::
```
